hello my vilsack could not refuse
enjoy the pleasure of comparing nexus 7 and
ipad mini in the recently released real racing
3 it is now available vol 2 also in
google play
let's look at what quality of it
graphics on which runs faster future
go
Apple discounts to all subscribers from
partner and store apple jizo.ru
devices were rebooted and on your
eyes multitasking and nexus nothing
no battery is fully charged
multitasking ipad there is something on
the main thing is that there is no real racing
let's run the game see what
tablets will come first on nexus 7
installed tegra 3 on ipad mini than
again and in my comparison ipad mini and
nexus 7 on nexus was not in the game gta
wai city shadows and car traces you
terribly resented in the comments I
preferred and learned what is really on
Android has graphics settings for me
it was a terrible surprise already we
we see that ipad mini first came to
finish optimization optimization again
optimization unfortunately those words android
does not know and immediately make a reservation, I take off everything
it live on camera just because in
Nexus does not have any hdmi out technology
airplay 10 miracase which is not
works and therefore grab the screen with
nexus 7 today without some very
there is simply no specific equipment
opportunities let's roll the cars and
let's do a couple of races see how are you
things are there first to fight
nexus let's take a look at the car
what it all looks like
works quite healthy and any
how to say cavil to how it all
It looks like there can be no modelka
very clear and very cool in general
work fast enough find everything
exactly also modelka quality
beautiful reflection at night over this
I can’t tell the machine view
that somewhere there is any difference at all
everything is more or less the same
that in the video it will probably be weak
noticeably but
smoothing of these sharp edges
on ipad organized much
better than the nexus 7 and it will
see in the game itself let's talk about it
a little later and yes I did a couple more
screenshots so you can appreciate it
directly to what it looks like
there that video eats up part of the impression
on how it looks well, and now
it's time for the race let's actually
test how it all looks like
practice and immediately you can draw
attention to the fact that we do not have mirrors
Bring them there but the reflection in the mirror
unfortunately we do not see nexus
such is the problem of the second moment
what do you notice with ipad mini
the road texture is completely different
road texture and smooth motion fps
enough and in general models of cars
cool problems with this no
no friends from the wagon
the graphics are generally quite good
let's make a kind of reflection of the hood
what is the same model cars
in general, everything works very civilized
no problems all effects on
place
we are driving on the grass the smoke from the pipes is reflected
since everything works as it should
there was to be testing now like this
doesn’t look right on ipad mini right away
departing from the ticket office the same check in
the same car here has a glen
center is another competitive advantage
with this game center and the ability to play
with your friends also all the
multiplayer is on android but he
implemented through other social networks
and so turn on the view from the cabin is the same and
we see that we have friends here
mirrors and this I want to tell you in
review on real racing I talked about
that it changes quite seriously
feelings from how to say feelings from the game
probably driving like everything too
the most but mirrors and accordingly it is not
just mirrors in them are also cars
reflected in general what happens but
what I noticed was a car with a sax car
on ipad it gets closer now you can
pay attention to something dream machine
which the
In the distance, she has a simpler model.
rather than what we see to if to her
drive up about see the focus changed
about combat transformed on a nexus of this
No, well , I can not say it somehow
also affects if you ask for
I am more important than a mirror or in such models
then mirrors probably yes and you see that
texture on ipad mini is much
better this applies to asphalt and
surroundings and everything else not yet
I wanted to show one thing at least
what I noticed
reflection from the hood and generally what
happens in front of the car on ipad too
looks like better for me
at least it seemed so
maybe it's self-deception you say no
I know in general, again, all the effects
are present and by the quality of the graphics i
I prefer ipad mini and here you are
another proof that on
fresh game on a chip two years ago
It looks much better than above
3 nexus and all the other pies game
of course it's amazing to say it again
of course about optimization despite being
that the game on android came out much later
but this is how strangely honest you are.
I will say and now some screenshots in
make no comments without comment
by myself
monopod
that's all a short video of conclusions
do not let us decide for me
it remains amazing one fact like a chip
again two years ago on equal terms
games is lost with tegra 3 which
synthetic test has a twofold
advantage is amazing write to
comments and like and
subscribe to the channel join our
VKontakte groups subscribe to my
twitter bye